---
layout: post
title: "Moving On"
date: 2013-05-11 23:20
comments: true
categories: 
---
#Summary for the past#
  
  1. the "thing" i do in school, still making very slow progress, some of the guys starting contribute to the group, i am glad to see that.
  
  2. i made a small web app called find-the-one for guokr group's searching. it works fine, i learn some new technic and it might be helpful in the future.
      * the very first redone of i made that is because I was trying to find if there's any girl i might found interesting in tianjin. so i wrote that app, it seems that my hope **didn't come true.**
      * but, there is quite amount of people like that app and using it. so, i am glad i can make another stuff people like.
      * that app is in the Guokr.com's homepage :) it got about 1000pv in it's first day.

#Some other stuff#
  basically, i write this just want to say， i am trying so hard to moving on, and i think somehow, it might work :)
  
  And there's another interesting story, there's a front desk girl i ‘kinda’ like from the company that gave me the very first job offer but i didn't accept in the end. she saw my WeiBo about IronMan3, and we talk about the comment 'haha hahaha hahahaha' i gave to that movie, i went great and i found her interesting too, and she like's billiard too. so, I might have chance to see her again, but not interview involved this time! good luck.
  
  One last thing, i am gonna to re-watch the An [The Avengers](http://movie.douban.com/subject/1866479/ "The Avengers") again, since i just finished the IronMan 3 a few days ago.